already the case today on jams
Do you find that it is not completely against all
questioned another giant butcher a strawberry
touched legs and touched a strawberry
if you do not jam jam badly instead of jam
listen I will not seem to contradict you yet I want to shifang
mayor wilson
who's doing it like that he's giving up his huge rake a
huge rake huge rake huge rake huge rake huge rake
huge rake the huge rake
no huge rake standards richer like that
the price problem
I thought that
to do this I give you an example is that
a kid over two years old it's not meat to eat
it will tempt all four years we can not wait to stick to a kid of 4 years old
can not know the miracle I know of nicosia
a 4 year old kid and suddenly there is a pile of salt
and knowing how to die
kids watching this when you have a big sponsor on these kids
diversion that are she deserves a miracle for them and they told me ready
but in their mouths realize that this is it the state has just calmed him down and
there you will not explain the wind the sun the heat moist a strawberry
while carole is just the case at school we learned in the first
the first the first the first the first the first the first
for the first the first the first the first from a
strawberry you find that it's completely confined to school months
late for the time we were learning history geography for now
we learned the other six
all this from 2013 an ox
it's by a man
it's a strawberry and your mother
these paradoxes
It's a man
listen I'm not going to look completely horny masterjean mutsch
and feindouno etc. stung the wind the heat the wind the heat the wind the
heat the city the site is so I want to shale at east